CNC App Dev @ Mikrosam  
CNC dedicated keybord based on Microchip Pic controllers
CNC software for controlling the engraving laser including UI, image filtering and control over Galil motion controllers.
Creation of prototype software for image recognition and control of 3DOF robotic hand to manipulate parts
http://www.microsam.com

Software developer @ Megasoft
Web site for goverment Agency for encouraging the development of agriculture in ASP and Ajax, including banners and interactive multilangual map in Flash with XML, of local administration units.
Create framework as foundation of rapid creation of financial based softwares.
Create application for maniging roles and priviledges of different software areas.
http://www.megasoftic.com.mk/

IT Specialist for Internal software @ T-COM  
Web development and statistics
www.telekom.mk/

Developer, Consultant,Team Lead, Project Manager @ UPWORK.com  
www.upwork.com (formerly oDesk)
2008 – Today
Top 25 Web Developer on oDesk forAugust2009!_
Top 25 SoftwareDeveloper on oDesk forMarch 2010!_
8,485 hours worked 143 jobs with feedback above 4.5/5 on 138jobs and 94% success rate.
Many web sites, widgets, games, to GIS, Flight radar, Flight Crew Scheduler, based on Flash & Flex,ASPX,PHP,AXAJ, apps for phones or pads based on AIR

Personal Projects:
Input Mapper
2013 – Today -Binding controller inputs(Single,Double,Long) to
States inside editor -Creating combos -Unity Events model for capturing and handling
inputs -Multiplayer support with options assigning
controller to player -Creation of controller profiles which are
automatically selected when such device is
attached -Binary or XML serialization - System for high-level driver writing (test drivers for WiiMote, Xbox
Gamepad and Thrustmaster FF Wheel) - Backup on OS controller default handling when no driver is found or
backup to UnityDriver - Native Support for Win, OSX, Android and Web(Gamepad API ) - Platform Dependent compilation
Demo
Sequencer -Create sequence video, audio or logic by drag and
drop. -Animate and record any property of any
component on any GameObject, including particles
and IK - Timeline Scrubbing and Previewing, Play or Edit
Mode, all the same. - Retarget Sequence channel. - Invoke Unity Events in point in time. - Jump to labeled point in time with ease. - Clone, Modify and/or just Reuse Sequence.asset blueprint in any scene in
project with different targets. - AnimatorController or Playable driven.

Logic Forge - Decrease the developing pain by visualizing and
automatizing, avoiding bottlenecks and redundancy,
still not removing full control of code- Functional programming where every
MonoBehaviour is functional component chained by
inputs and outputs creating compact reusable Logic
blueprint- Enforcing base Strategy pattern, creating reusable components

Tech lead and software achitect @ITGMA (Modirum Platforms)
Custom SOAP to JSON, inteceptors, projections, json serializers and other ehancement of Springboot archtecture.
Ehancing JBPM custom components for rapid development, try catch patterns, enriched logging and audit control
Custom repository enhancing SpringBoot and Hibernate
Create JSON query based framework
Create custom Java base query framework based on extension of Specification
Arhitect of the CAS telecom system, educate and prep teams and oversee implementation and starting in production

Personal Project:
AI NPC that can see and act on their basic need and traits 2D in Unity based on custom MVC fully event based,dynamic and visually customizable.

IT consultant @ National Bank of Republic Macedonia
ISIDORA software achitecture and conlustancy and ehancment of Angular,Vue, ASP.NET MVC Core and Store Procedure
